SUPPORTESC-344 - Testing account requirements (#299)
zapier/visual-builder: docs/_partners/integration-review-guidelines.md

* Ensure your integration is complete, and you've tested your integration by creating test Zaps on your end that check for bugs, edge cases, and errors.
* Focus on key use cases. Check similar integrations in [Zapier’s App Directory](https://zapier.com/integrations/) to get some ideas on which items to include in your integration and keep your first release lean. You can always add more functionality later.
* Ensure all integration information and metadata is complete and accurate. Be sure to follow [Zapier’s standards for integration branding](https://platform.zapier.com/partners/planning-guide#how-to-brand-your-zapier-integration) to help your integration fit into the Zapier ecosystem well.

> * Provide an active demo account and login credentials, plus any other resources that might be needed to review your integration (e.g. login credentials to your product under integration-testing@zapier.com as the username/email and dummy credit card credentials used to test making purchases, if applicable to your integration). We test each trigger/action/search in your integration, so please provide us with access to the appropriate platforms and resources to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide an active demo account and login credentials, plus any other resources that might be needed to review your integration (e.g. login credentials to your product under integration-testing@zapier.com as the username/email and dummy credit card credentials used to test making purchases, if applicable to your integration). We may need to test triggers, actions, or searches in your integration during review, so please provide us with access to the appropriate platforms and resources to do so.
```
